- 👋 Hi, I’m @N1cholasSmith
- 👀 I’m interested in Software Engineering, Constellation Network, BigData, DAG, Cybersecurity, Blockchain, Crypto, Autonomous Driving, Smart Cities, HGTP
- 🌱 I’m currently learning Full Stack Web development 
- 💞️ I’m looking to for a place to start my career as a Software engineer
- 📫 How to reach me NicholasSmithSoftwareEngineer@gmail.com

Having achieved a significant number of goals in my career as a Royal Australian Navy Leading Seaman Aircraft Technician, I am interested in expanding my professional horizons by seeking new challenges in the area of software engineering. I believe that you will find me as a dedicated individual who is well qualified to contribute to your organisation’s success. /n
I am a highly enthusiastic, motivated and versatile Software Engineer with a strong passion for innovative technologies and a genuine commitment to becoming an integral part of the innovative technology space, i.e., cryptocurrency, artificial intelligence, Distributed ledger technology, machine learning, smart cities, autonomous driving, robotics, data security and WEB3.0. Having completed Boot Camp Full Stack Web Development Certificate at the University of Sydney, I acquired a comprehensive knowledge of front-end and back-end technologies and developed technical capabilities across a range of programming languages, platforms and tools to change career paths and break into the tech industry, advance my career and broaden competencies and experience. I am eager to join a dynamic technology company, a friendly and forward-thinking development team committed to continual improvement and learning, fostering collaboration, creativity and innovation. Integrating initiative, judgment and well-developed analytical, critical thinking and problem-solving skills, I take a proactive approach to delving into and resolving issues, aiming at implementing innovative solutions and delivering positive outcomes.
Throughout my career, I have accumulated a unique combination of experience and transferable skills gained in freelance software engineering, Australian Defence Force, civil construction and retail. Whilst engaged in these roles, I have strengthened my work ethic, communication, interpersonal and active listening skills, making me extremely efficient at building and fostering constructive relationships with diverse individuals from all levels. As a natural and inspirational leader with proven ability to engage and lead teams to success, I am capable of providing clear direction for the team and motivated to constantly drive efficiencies to a high standard, promoting autonomy within the team, having a flexible approach, and encouraging an ethos of managing upwards. Moreover, I am able to work autonomously and as a team player, possessing the confidence to set expectations and proactively follow through to achieve results but also assist others, acting as a responsible and active team member, demonstrating by example the views of the team members are respected. I have a proven track record in exceeding expectations by consistently delivering results to the highest standard. My approach to this position would go beyond standard operations as I have a dedicated approach to driving the high performing culture with a constant focus on continuous improvement and always looking for ways to enhance and improve the work setting. /n
Other key skills and personal attributes I possess that I believe will help me succeed in this position are: /n
Technical Skills /n
•	Well-developed skills in HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, JavaScript, jQuery, React.js, Local Storage, Session Storage, Responsive Design, API, JSON, AJAX, Node.js, Express.js, JWT, User Authentication, Progressive Web Applications (PWA's), MongoDB, Mongoose, Algorithms, Data Structures, Time Complexity, Big O Notation, GraphQL, Apollo, Google Analytics and AWS.
Soft Skills /n
•	Flexible and adaptable; willing to learn, eager to acquire new skills and master new systems, to remain knowledgeable and up to date with industry practices while adapting seamlessly to various technical and creative environments. /n
•	Exceptional organisational and prioritisation skills; can successfully manage tight deadlines, unpredictable volumes of work and changing priorities whilst maintaining a high standard of service delivery. /n
•	Works well in a team and has high emotional intelligence which is utillised to unfluence and motivate others to acheive. /n 

Attached herewith is my resume for further details on my employment history and skills. I would appreciate the chance to meet with you about this employment opportunity. I am available for an interview, at your convenience.

